Call with EZAZ AHAMED, SK-20260218_180551-Meeting 
Recording 
18 February 2026, 12:35pm 
10m 9s 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth started transcription 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   0:03 
In the meeting and I had like some four questions. So first I'll explain like what I 
understood. You can correct me if I'm saying anything wrong. 
0:04 
Yes. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   0:13 
Yes, yes. 
Yeah. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   0:15 
OK, so first we'll we'll need to open Dynatrace and in that we need to open 
notebook. In notebook we need to open exception monitoring and in that we have a 
query. We need to run that query. After running that query we'll get some exceptions 
records. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   0:23 
Yes. 
Yes. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   0:30 
So we should download these exceptions records as CSV. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   0:30 
Yes, and. 
Uh, so you can do one thing one week. Uh, there was uh nothing like uh exception 
monitoring. I have created that for mine. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   0:35 
Hmm. 
OK. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   0:46 
So there was the release monitoring was there. There we'll get that exception 
monitoring code. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   0:55 
Mm-hmm. So this thing will look differently in a different people's like a Dynatrace 
interface. Is that what you mean ASUS? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   0:57 
OK, so. 
Yeah, I'm showing you. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   1:08 
OK. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   1:16 
Is. 
It's visible, right? 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   1:20 
Yes. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   1:21 
Notebook. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   1:24 
Notebook. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   1:27 
Who's ever who wants they will. They can create their own notebook like them. This 
one is for all release monitoring. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   1:33 
OK, uh huh. 
Release monitoring is for everyone, OK? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   1:39 
Yes, from here we'll get the exception code. This one is exception code. We need to 
extract from here. Then we'll follow the same thing we discussed tomorrow 
yesterday. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   1:43 
OK, OK. OK. 
Yesterday, OK. Is there any special reason why you have also created a exception 
monitoring Vesas? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   2:03 
Yeah. 
Yes, for uh after extraction we. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   2:08 
Mhm. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   2:10 
We need to check that that was the new or not like yesterday I told you that that that 
is the query for that. I am fetching that that this one is new or old. I think there was 
also this code will be. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   2:15 
Yes, OK. Uh huh. 
Yes. 
Uh. 
OK. 
OK. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   2:30 
You there? 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   2:31 
Mhm. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   2:34 
Let me check which one is this. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   2:48 
So here we have multiple queries, whereas in exception monitoring we have only one 
particular query. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   2:50 
Yeah, this one. 
Yeah, this one from here we can check in. We need to give that. After that we'll. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   2:57 
OK. 
Mhm. 
Yes. Uh, OK, so of. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   3:07 
And deal is monitoring was also there the exception. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   3:11 
Uh, yes. 
So we need to execute this and then we'll get the CSV file. We'll need to download 
the CSV file and we need to copy the content and paste it in the baseline sheet. So 
after pasting, we'll need to check the category column. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   3:25 
Yes. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   3:30 
If there are any new and elevated values, so after yeah until here like I understood 
then we need to check like for example if there is anything new we need to like share 
it with the L2 team and if there is any elevated we need to find out the count. Is is 
this point correct? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   3:50 
No, not only to team. There was a group there. I we have to inform that this 
exception we got, this exception is new for us. So they will confirm and after that 
they will work on that exception. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   3:53 
OK. 
OK. 
OK. 
So we need to share it with a group like how do they share it as as like in teams or 
we need to do some mail stuff. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   4:08 
100. 
Pink teams. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   4:16 
In Teams chat, OK, we need to share a message in Teams, send an alert in Teams, OK. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   4:17 
Yes. 
Yeah, yes. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   4:23 
And uh, OK and what we need to do for elevated values? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   4:27 
If there was count was high then that should be also informed to that team in the 
teams. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   4:31 
Huh. 
OK. 
OK, so in next today's recording I saw like for two of the elevated things, one is 11 
was saying 800 and 900 and in two plus it was 1800 or something like that I guess. 
And for the other thing it was like 246 and in one place it was like 8 the value. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   4:46 
Yes. 
Yes. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   4:59 
So like how do we calculate if a value is elevated or not? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   4:59 
Yes. 
Do we get yesterday that much of count like 800 and 1800 that was not that was not 
on yesterday, right? That was the before day before yesterday or? 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   5:09 
Oh yeah, I I. 
OK, before. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   5:19 
I think that was on that was, yes, few days ago. That's why. If the count count was 
high, then we need to inform that the that count was increasing. We need to follow 
that till half an hour. If it was increasing then we need to inform that. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   5:21 
Few days before that, uh. 
Uh, OK. 
OK, mhm. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   5:41 
If if increasing then. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   5:44 
OK, OK. For half an hour we need to check in. We should see if it is still increasing, 
then we should share it with the team. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   5:51 
Yes. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   5:54 
So OK, I had this thought like how do we get the baseline sheet? Like it is like 
automatically as if a formula is applied, the previous value, the category, all of them 
are getting filled, right? I mean they're being updated. So how does that happen? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   6:08 
Yes. 
Which one you are training? 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   6:13 
The baseline Excel sheet in which we copy in which we pasted the values. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   6:15 
Yeah, basically. 
Yes, we are creating that one. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   6:21 
Yes, before pasting the values, the three columns. What are the three columns? I 
wrote the names last week, average category and review comments. Those three 
were like blank or they're having some different values and when we pasted the 
values which we have downloaded, which we have copied them from the download. 
CSV then they are being updated the last week average category and review 
comments. So is there any formula that is being uh? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   6:44 
Yes. 
In not in, yeah, we need to paste in the current session. 
Right, we need to extract that and we need to paste that in current. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   6:56 
OK, mm. 
OK. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   7:02 
There was a few categories there except few tabs are there like exception, count, last 
week, average category and review comment. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   7:10 
Mhm. 
OK. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   7:17 
We need to check only that except and count that that was new or elevated or old. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   7:28 
OK, got it. And then one more question. So as of now, like how regularly or how 
often are you guys running that query? Like for how much? What is the time interval? 
In Dinatrace. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   7:46 
In. 
Whenever we have any deployment that at that time we are uh doing for every 30 
minutes. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   7:55 
OK, OK. For when, when not there is a deployment, you do it for every 30 minutes 
and when there is no deployment, you will do once every day. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   8:03 
No, not once every day. Everyone, every one hour. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   8:05 
Oh. 
Everyone or OK, got it. Uh, OK. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   8:10 
One one hour whenever we needed. If we see that there was a spike, then we need 
to do that in one hour or two hour. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   8:20 
OK. 
And then So what is the part which we are supposed to automate exactly? Like from 
my understanding we should maybe we need to update, not update, we need to 
automate from running the query. 
Downloading the Excel sheet, copying those values and then pasting them in the 
baseline sheet and also seeing what are the new values, what are the elevated values 
and we need to compare the values and if it is elevated we need to run it once again 
after 30 minutes and then we need to see if it is still increasing and then we need to 
send an alert. 
On teams, if it is a new then we need to send electron teams to the L2 team or some 
other team, all of those groups. So is this the part we are supposed to talk with or is 
there anything else also? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   9:00 
Yes. 
Yes. 
Yes, yes, yes. No, this is the part only. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   9:13 
OK, so I just like I explained what are I understood right? So is my understanding like 
correct and lent or is there any mistake anywhere which you would like to rectify? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   9:20 
Is. 
Yeah. 
No, no, no, no. You're the understanding is correct. Absolutely correct. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   9:30 
OK, OK. So so these are the dots I had and yeah I I asked Hrithik about the Dinotrace 
platform access and all of that. He said he will contact me a few time afterwards after 
some time. So and would you like to add anything before like this is these are the 
dots I had and. 
Have answered everyone. So yeah, before we come to the call, would you like to add 
anything? 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   9:51 
Yes. 
No, nothing. We have. We have cleared everything. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   9:55 
OK. OK. Thank you, Isa. So if I have any more doubts, I'll contact you again. 
Contact you again. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   10:02 
Sure, sure, sure, sure you can. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth   10:05 
OK. Thank you, Isas. 
EZAZ AHAMED, SK   10:06 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Shanmuga Srikanth, M.S.S. Srikanth stopped transcription 